Current Status

13-12-13
	21:05 - On Break, stretch legs.
	
14-12-13
	12:49 - Fell asleep for much too long... eating something before I get
		back to work. Whould be back by 13:15-13:30 EST.
	13:13 - Back to work now!
	15:00 - Break needs to last until my pizzar delivery gets here, and the roads
	   are a bit bad. Will be back to work as soon as possible!
	Had to take day off to recover from fever. I hate getting sick.
	
15-12-13
	11:28 - Finally back to work again. Can't help yesterday's problem, just have to do best to finish up today.
	12:45 - I think I'm done with the textures, at least for now.
		Alabaster may get a pass to be a bit less blatanty tiled on the brown veins, but for right now I'm satisfied with the work I've gotten done.
	13:05 - Have to do some chores and make lunch. Will be back in 60 minutes at most.
	13:35 - Dishes done, so here's a summary of our goals:
		We're going to add Dark End Stone and possibly Alabasater to worldgen for the End dimension.
		We're going to add as quick of a solution for End Villages as we can: right now it looks like we're starting from the core village, and replacing the well with and Obsidian or Alabaster spire.
		Alabaster Villages will use regular End Stone for their buildings, while Obsidian Villages will use Dark End Stone.
		Right now, they should generate with Villagers, but we hope to replace this in later development with a new type of villager unique to The End.
		You will be able to summon more Ender Dragons through this new content, 
		We'll consider the project complete for Modjam (not 100% complete, but Modjam goal achieved) if we can get Alabaster Villages, Dark End Stone, and Alabaster added to the worldgen for The End, as well as the ability to trigger a second Ender Dragon. Also, we are definitely adding some lore books into the game to explain why The End is how it is.
	Our definite later goals:
		We want to add a veriety of lore in Fortresses and The End that explains our vision -- but this may not quite fit the normal minecraft feel. Adding lore books is a late goal.
		We would like to have Scorched Trees generate rarely in the landscape of The End -- and Scorched Saplings drop from their leaves.
		We may add some other features later on that we've only discussed a bit so far... among them, the option of two-way portals to and from The End. But those are post-jam goals, since we both still have our jobs at some point before the jam ends.
	Nekosune is responsible for all of the coding, while I'm dealing with the artistic and creative bits -- the textures I've made, for example, and the lore text mentioned in the Modjam goals. So, once my lunch is ready, I can get to work on writing up our lore.
	14:20 - Lunch ready, starting work on lore!
	
	15:14 - Have to go to the store for some important shopping. Will be back as soon as I can.
	
	19:00 - Amazing how this story is unfolding... but I'm going to take a break for supper now. I probably have at least 13 more of these littke lore booklets to write...
	
	19:30 - Alright. Just had a planning chat with Nekosune and we reached a conclusion: our initial goal may have been a bit too grand for Modjam time period, considering our job commitments. We are resetting our goal:
	[1] The End will have two new blocks in worldgen - Alabaster and Dark End Stone.
	[2] Ancient, Elysian, and Ender Lore Books will have a chance of spawning as dungeon treasures. These books will reveal a story about the history of The End according to our mod.
	[3] Items will exist that make it possible to summon a new Ender Dragon.
	
	All of the blocks we need at the moment are made, and then some for future plans. So [1] only requires modding the worldgen for the End to add them in...
	
	[2] is a work in progress as I write the lore books noted in the tabs for Notepad++ -- once the text files are made, we can get them added in as books.
	
	[3] is the only thing I believe we've not started work on yet, and I will be working on the icons for them as soon as I know what they are.
	
	21:40 - This is awesome: Nekosune got villages working by forcing one at a set location. That means we'll have villages in the mod for sure. I also have more than half of the lore books written -- but I also only have about 80 minutes left!
	
	My goal right now is to make a Spire and a Dark Church for the villages, and then do the rest of my lore work after I get back tomorrow from my job.
	
	22:00 - I'm tired and going to go to bed in 30 minutes... Going to build the spire and dark church instead of more lore texts.
	
	22:35 - Took a few extra minutes, but built brick and stone churches... Afraid it's bedtime now, though.
		Committing the whole world I was building in to the repo for nekosune.
		
16-12-13
	17:05 - Home and ready to write!
	17:20 - Tested the dragon summon process and killed a second ender dragon
	
	18:05 - Wow! I didn't expect the lore would quite end up there, but it provides a nice tie between vanilla content and our mod -- and if you don't want lore, ignore the books (or turn them off in config, maybe?).
	
	20:00 - Didn't mean to leave an unannounced break. Going to make a list of lore sources (where to find) and sequence now.
	
	20:50 - Going to make a debug icon for altar spawner then format the lorebooks to fit nekosune's lorefile format